We explore automated Go code generation in different settings related to the Anscombe dataset from Assignment 2. We develop three different approaches that have their own merits. 

First, we work within the Go standard library and use generate to enhance the work submitted in Assignment 2. Go Generate is a tool that makes it easier to write code that generate other programs. The error interface from this method is very robust, allowing us to check if data slices are of different lengths or if there are less than two points for regression. While these error tests were not needed in this case since the Anscombe data is complete and correct, it may certainly be useful to automate tests in different scenarios where we need to quickly decipher if we need to make adjustments to the data. The result is in the file AutoCodeGenerationwithgenerate.go.

Second, we work with a free trial of Github Copilot to enhance the development of the work submitted in assignment 2. I am sure there are features of this extension that may be incredibly useful to write quicker code, but I found that the most exciting aspect of Github Copilot is to select a specific function that I already created, and the extension will automatically generate tests for whatever function selected. For each function in the original Anscombe file, I created a compilation of the resulting tests in GithubCopilotTests.go. 

Lastly, we work with Microsoft Copilot LLM (https://copilot.microsoft.com) to solve the task. Rather than ask the LLM the entire problem at once, I tried to guide the AI to complete the task in chunks. First, I asked if it was familiar with the Anscombe Quartet (it was and provided interesting facts about its properties). Then, it was able to calculate the statistical metrics for the dataset. Also, it could run regression in all three languages and create benchmark tests. Although I prompted it to calculate execution times and recommend to management, the replies were noncompliant saying I need to measure CPU time on my own device, and the recommendation to management was not interesting. However, the LLM was able to use Go to plot graphs at an impressive speed. See the whole conversation and output at MicrosoftCopilotConversation.txt.

I believe using automation can make the workforce more efficient and cut down on employee costs. Much of the grunt work can be solved with an AI, but there are other factors to consider. If I were leading a team of people I would want whoever worked for me to be up to date on the recent developments in the Go world, especially as it relates to new packages like Jennifer (among others). In other words, I would want the team to be able to work with packages that enhance productivity, rather than have a specialist who only knows how to work within the standard library. This preference extends beyond just Go programmers however. Ideal employees in any language should now the basics, but also have the ability to understand and possibly develop new packages to compete tasks.
